hi Joe motto here at beulah performance
garage eatontown New Jersey we do really
do our videos which is vote
some music and it's all well and good
but we figured this time we would take a
few minutes and tell you about our Roush
cars that were proud to be a new dealer
here standing next to the 2013 state
street rauch car rash body kit starts
with the chin spoiler fog lights lower
grille upper bar style grill hood scoop
and hood stripes this particular car has
to chrome 20-inch wheels as the side
window louvers as the rear three piece
wing and the rear diffusion statuary
Roush has the five liter engine in it
2.3 liter supercharger makes 565
horsepower as a single disc clutch
6-speed transmission 8.8 rear 373 gears
this particular model has the leather
interior and it also has the track pack
from for which includes the Brembo
brakes torture differential false engine
cooler this has the factory exhaust on
it if you want to upgrade to the Roush
exhaust that is a add on after the
purchase
okay we're going to take a walk over to
the black car now
the only major difference between the
black and the silver is that the Wills
as you can see are the gunmetal this
does not offer the track pack so it has
the standard breaks in it it doesn't
have the 4.2 inch screen for the 0 to 60
time and quarter-mile time and all that
stuff but it still does have the
supercharger so as the interior upgrade
still has all the body panels this one
here is pretty stealth with the black
graphics the darker wheels let me also
just open the door real quick so you can
see the interior all the state street
cars come with a Roush instrument
cluster it comes with the leather seats
with the rash logo sage tree logo in it
has the drive Jack Roush signature decal
on there if you're going to buy arouse
you can get a stage 1 2 or 3 1 & 2 only
calm naturally aspirated stage 3 is a
supercharged version there's a lot of
different options on these cars they can
be personalized in many ways probably
the easiest thing is to pick out the
color
like to thank you for stopping by if you
have any questions concerns you want to
know about ordering car you'd like to
ask us about purchasing one of the cars
that we have here feel free to come down
as for Joe Amato or any of our other
highly trained staff up salesman to help
you located in eatontown New Jersey you
can visit us on the web at buehlers
performance calm and see everything that
we have to offer I have a great day